---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: FUTURE
category: general
tags: [ 'future', 'general' ]
---


> > Focus on the smallest of things you are doing today because these will form the basis of something big in the future. If these small things are done erroneously today then that big thing of the future would not even come to existence or else would come up and then fail. It would be a tremendous loss to the mankind, let alone your personal glory.


Mr. X, in 1760, did something new in his PhD thesis but it was nothing so big that people cared at the time. In reality, there were some small things that he had not done correctly. But that was it.


20 years later in 1780, a Professor Dr. P picked up his result. Since X’s result was not something to look into and was something very mediocre, something nobody would raise an eyebrow on, Dr. P picked up the result without any verification of the minute details. P worked for the next 10 years on this very topic, which used X’s (small small) result. He died a few years later and his work was picked up by other researchers and scientists. P was renowned and respected in his area, so people just continued to develop upon the mathematical theorems he had left unfinished. A company named Y was setup in 1795, as this work, that was done for the past 30-40 years predicted that a new theory for long distance communication could be developed. Hundreds of Y’s researchers worked on this and finally came up with the results in 1820. Later, Y’s engineers spent some time on this theory to actually implement it. They thought they would make a fortune out of this new device. Obviously, they couldn’t! These engineers working with Y were given a task to work on something else and the theory was discarded for not being implementable, while in reality, it was all a fluke.


Some 100-150 years later, in 1947, Bell Labs came up with a Cellular phone concept. Today, in 2016, cellphones are still gaining prominence and would be one of the most sought out things in the coming decade or two.


Only if Mr. X had not done some small mistake out of shear carelessness, thinking what he was doing then was completely unimportant (mediocre, insignificant, minor), this world would have seen mobile phones in every hand maybe by 1950s itself and Y would have made a fortune out of it. Mankind would be so far ahead to what it is now.  Back in 1760, nobody cared what X did or wrote in his thesis, but had they cared, it would have been rectified then and there and 50 years of hard work on X’s mistake would have been avoided. 50 years progress in the field of communication, just imagine!


That’s why:-


> > Focus on the smallest of things you are doing today because these will form the basis of something big in the future. If these small things are done erroneously today then that big thing of the future would not even come to existence or else would come up and then fail. It would be a tremendous loss to the mankind, let alone your personal glory.

 
PS: For those who are still wondering– The story is only a work of imagination and any resemblance to the the contrary is completely coincidental. I repeat, the story is imaginative, no point raising questions on the details.

